journal/environments.md, before:

# Virtual Environments

# `herman-awstut`

AWS Tutorial environment

```zsh
conda create -n herman-awstut python=3.12
```

# `herman-base`

```zsh
conda create -n herman-base autopep8 bs4 flake8 ipython matplotlib numpy pandas pyarrow python=3.12 pyyaml seaborn selenium sqlalchemy -c conda-forge -c defaults
```

# `herman-build`

```zsh
conda create -n herman-build build ipython python=3.11 twine -c conda-forge -c defaults
```

# `herman-ctc`

Herman's iCloud Contacts address book.

```zsh
conda create -n herman-ctc autopep8 bs4 flake8 ipython matplotlib numpy pandas pyarrow pyicloud python=3.10 pyyaml seaborn selenium sqlalchemy -c auto -c conda-forge -c defaults
```


# `herman-covis`

Computer vision

```zsh
conda create -n herman-base autopep8 bs4 flake8 ipython matplotlib numpy opencv pandas pyarrow python=3.12 pyyaml seaborn selenium sqlalchemy -c conda-forge -c defaults
```

# `herman-leetcode`

```zsh
conda create -n herman-leetcode autopep8 bs4 flake8 ipython matplotlib numpy pandas pyarrow python=3.12 pyyaml seaborn selenium sqlalchemy=2.0 sqlalchemy-redshift -c conda-forge -c defaults
```

# `herman-midas`

```zsh
conda create -n herman-midas coinbase-advanced-py gh humanfriendly ipython pandas python=3.12 websocket-client -c conda-forge && \
conda activate herman-midas && \
python -m pip install --user herman-code
python -m pip install --user rel
```

Package installation documentation
- [gh](https://github.com/cli/cli#installation)
- [rel](https://pypi.org/project/rel/) (registered event listener)
- [websocket-client](https://websocket-client.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html)

Package purpose
| package              | purpose   |
| -------------------- | --------- |
| coinbase-advanced-py | essential |
| gh                   | utility   |
| herman_code          | utility   |
| humanfriendly        | utility   |
| ipython              | utility   |
| pandas               | utility   |
| rel                  | TBD       |
| typing_extensions    | redundant |
| websocket-client     | utility   |

# `herman-javascript`

```zsh
conda create -n herman-javascript autopep8 bs4 flake8 ipython matplotlib nodejs numpy pandas pyarrow python=3.12 pyyaml seaborn selenium sqlalchemy sqlalchemy-redshift -c conda-forge -c defaults
```

Commit message:

Major update: Add package CLI script
Description

- Added a package command-line interface called `hcode`.
  - The relevant files are:
    + Python Package/src/herman_code/hcode.py
  - The script has three commands.
    - `help`, a place-holder for future help functionality.
    - `parse_git_cmt`, from `herman_code.git_commit`
    - `chk_git_cmt`, from `herman_code.git_commit`
    - `tests`, from `herman_code.tests`
  - Added a pseudo-script file to bridge `build`'s script-installing with the
    `argparse`-based CLI script.
    - Files
      + Python Package/src/herman_code/scripts.py
      + Python Package/pyproject.toml
    - Added a journal article to describe this process.
      + journal/articles/Creating Python CLI Scripts.md
  - The script uses [default functions](https://docs.python.org/3.12/library/argparse.html),
    a style that combines the use of the `argparse`'s `add_subparsers()`
    method with calls to `set_defaults()`.
    + Python Package/src/herman_code/git_commit.py
    + Python Package/src/herman_code/tests/git_commit/tests.py
- Upgrade the package version
  + Python Package/src/herman_code/__about__.py
- Update environment's journal article.
  - In conda, the `build` package is known as `python-build`. The correct
    `build` package is compatible with Python 3.12
  - Added *Hatch* to the `herman-build` environment.
  - Update the `herman-midas` environment.
  - File
    + journal/environments.md

journal/environments.md, after:

# Virtual Environments

# `herman-awstut`

AWS Tutorial environment

```zsh
conda create -n herman-awstut python=3.12
```

# `herman-base`

```zsh
conda create -n herman-base autopep8 bs4 flake8 ipython matplotlib numpy pandas pyarrow python=3.12 pyyaml seaborn selenium sqlalchemy -c conda-forge -c defaults
```

# `herman-build`

```zsh
conda create -n herman-build python-build hatch ipython python=3.12 twine -c conda-forge -c defaults
```

# `herman-ctc`

Herman's iCloud Contacts address book.

```zsh
conda create -n herman-ctc autopep8 bs4 flake8 ipython matplotlib numpy pandas pyarrow pyicloud python=3.10 pyyaml seaborn selenium sqlalchemy -c auto -c conda-forge -c defaults
```


# `herman-covis`

Computer vision

```zsh
conda create -n herman-base autopep8 bs4 flake8 ipython matplotlib numpy opencv pandas pyarrow python=3.12 pyyaml seaborn selenium sqlalchemy -c conda-forge -c defaults
```

# `herman-leetcode`

```zsh
conda create -n herman-leetcode autopep8 bs4 flake8 ipython matplotlib numpy pandas pyarrow python=3.12 pyyaml seaborn selenium sqlalchemy=2.0 sqlalchemy-redshift -c conda-forge -c defaults
```

# `herman-midas`

```zsh
conda create -n herman-midas coinbase-advanced-py gh humanfriendly ipython pandas python=3.12 requests requests-mock termcolor websocket-client -c anaconda -c conda-forge && \
conda activate herman-midas && \
python -m pip install --user herman-code
```

You can also install `coinbase-advanced-py` in editable form:

```zsh
git clone $repo_url dir_name  # Clone it from Coinbase or from a fork
python -m pip install -e dirname
```

Package installation documentation
- [gh](https://github.com/cli/cli#installation)
- [rel](https://pypi.org/project/rel/) (registered event listener)
- [websocket-client](https://websocket-client.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html)

Package purpose
| package              | purpose   | Note                                                                                         |
| -------------------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| coinbase-advanced-py | essential |                                                                                              |
| gh                   | utility   |                                                                                              |
| herman_code          | utility   |                                                                                              |
| humanfriendly        | utility   |                                                                                              |
| ipython              | utility   |                                                                                              |
| pandas               | utility   |                                                                                              |
| requests             | coinbase  | For `coinbase-advanced-py`, because for some reason it doesn't automatically include it.     |
| requests-mock        | coinbase  | Used for running the tests in the Coinbase repo, if you cloned it and want to contribute.    |
| termcolor            | utility   |                                                                                              |
| websocket-client     | TBD       | This is used for my implementation of a WebSocket. Might not be necessary if you use the WebSocket client from `coinbase-advanced-py`. |

# `herman-javascript`

```zsh
conda create -n herman-javascript autopep8 bs4 flake8 ipython matplotlib nodejs numpy pandas pyarrow python=3.12 pyyaml seaborn selenium sqlalchemy sqlalchemy-redshift -c conda-forge -c defaults
```
